Wii Fit Update: 2+ Months Later
Published on August 04, 2008.
My weight loss is still going pretty well with Wii Fit though the numbers seem to fit better to a power law than a linear function.
But luckily the alpha is still pretty forgiving, so I’m still losing weight.
Today I reached a sort of achievement (personal, not xbox live style) by doing the 10 reps of push-ups and side plank without collapsing or “dropping my hips” as my trainer likes to say.
Although she asked even though I didn’t.
Oh well. At least I know I accomplished this task.
Also, the lunges are freakin’ hard.
I wonder if I’m doing them correctly.
They make the leg that I step back with feel like they’re going to explode around the 9th or so rep. Lunges are probably the only exercise that hasn’t gotten easier since starting Wii Fit.
I wonder why…